♪ TIMMY IS AN AVERAGE KID ♪
♪ THAT NO ONE UNDERSTANDS ♪
♪ MOM AND DAD AND VICKY
ALWAYS GIVING HIM COMMANDS ♪
♪ THE DOOM AND GLOOM
UP IN HIS ROOM ♪
♪ IS BROKEN INSTANTLY ♪
♪ BY HIS MAGIC LITTLE FISH
WHO GRANT HIS EVERY WISH ♪
♪ 'CAUSE IN REALITY,
THEY ARE HIS... ♪
♪ ODD PARENTS,
FAIRLY ODD PARENTS ♪
♪ WANDS AND WINGS! ♪
♪ FLOATY CROWNY THINGS! ♪
♪ ODD PARENTS,
FAIRLY ODD PARENTS ♪
♪ REALLY MOD, PEA POD,
BUFF BOD, HOT ROD ♪
♪ OBTUSE, RUBBER GOOSE,
GREEN MOOSE, GUAVA JUICE ♪
♪ GIANT SNAKE, BIRTHDAY CAKE,
LARGE FRIES, CHOCOLATE SHAKE! ♪
♪ ODD PARENTS,
FAIRLY ODD PARENTS ♪
♪ IT FLIPS YOUR LID
WHEN YOU'RE THE KID WITH ♪
♪ FAIRLY ODD PARENTS! ♪
YEAH,
RIGHT!
CAPTIONING MADE POSSIBLE BY
MTV NETWORKS
[SNORING]
NO! NO! I'LL NEVER
TELL YOU MY SECRET!
TELL ME YOUR SECRET,
TIMMY TURNER!
I'LL NEVER TELL YOU
MY SECRET!
Voice: STOP!
MEESA NOT THINK YOU TWO
SHOULD BE A-FIGHTING.
[SPEAKING GIBBERISH]
AAH!
TIMMY, JOIN ME.
THE BAD SIDE IS STRONGER.
I'LL NEVER JOIN YOU!
BUT ON THE BAD SIDE,
YOU GET TO WEAR BLACK.
AND LOOK AT THIS CAPE.
GIRLS DIG THE CAPE!
I DON'T CARE WHAT
GIRLS DIG! I'M 10!
HEY! I'VE ONLY GOT
TWO OF THOSE!
IT'S OK. IN THE END,
YOU GET ANOTHER ONE,
A REALLY COOL ROBOT ONE.
HOW DO YOU KNOW
ALL THIS?
BECAUSE I AM YOUR FATHER...
YOUR GODFATHER!
HA HA! GIMME 5!
COSMO, YOU IDIOT!
AAH!
AWESOME!
I'M THE AMAZINGLY UNZOOABLE
ARACHNID KID!
THIS IS MORE LIKE IT!
OH, NO! MY ARCHENEMY!
TELL ME YOUR SECRET,
TIMMY TURNER! HA HA HA!
MEESA SAY THANK YOU.
MEESA NO FALL
AND GO BOO-BOO!
IT'S TIME FOR
THE TRUTH, TIMMY!
AAH!
[RUMBLING]
MUSTN'T MOVE.
MUSTN'T MAKE A SOUND.
HI, TIMMY!
GOT YOUR HAND.
[ROAR]
AAH!
TELL ME YOUR SECRET, TIMMY!
I'LL NEVER TELL!
WHOO, LOOK AT THE TIME.
HEH HEH!
WHEW! AT LEAST I DIDN'T--
GET EATEN!
COSMO! WANDA! WHERE ARE YOU?
WE'RE RIGHT
HERE, TIMMY!
AAH! I WISH WE WERE
BACK IN MY OWN ROOM!
WHY? IT'S SO NICE
AND DANK IN HERE.
AAH! AAH!
HUH?
HAPPY FAIRY-VERSARY, TIMMY!
WOW! IT'S EVERY MAGICAL
BEING I'VE EVER MET!
THEY'RE HERE
FOR THE PARTY!
THAT'S WHY WE
KEPT YOU OCCUPIED
WITH NON-COPYRIGHT-
INFRINGING
MOVIE PARODIES,
TO DISTRACT YOU
SO WE COULD ROUND
THEM ALL UP!
SO YOU GUYS...LIED TO ME?
OH, RELAX, TIMMY.
IT'S A PARTY!
EVERYBODY'S HERE!
YES,
PUNY TURNER.
EVEN I,
JORGEN VON STRANGLE,
TOUGHEST FAIRY
IN THE UNIVERSE,
WHO FEARS NOTHING,
CANNOT HELP BUT BE
HAPPY FOR--AAH!
OH!
A...A...A DEADLY
BUTTERFLY NET!
I'M AS FRIGHTENED
AS A LITTLE KITTEN!
AAH! MOMMY!
[SQUEAKING]
WHAT'S UP WITH HIM?
BUTTERFLY NETS ARE
ONE OF THE FEW THINGS
IN THE UNIVERSE
THAT FAIRY MAGIC
HAS NO EFFECT ON!
WHY?
HEY, IF IT FLOATS
AND HAS WINGS,
A BUTTERFLY NET
CAN CATCH IT.
BESIDES, LOOK AT IT!
IT'S HIDEOUS!
AH, NET, SHMET!
LET'S GET THIS
PARTY STARTED!
[CHEERING]
Man: EXCELLENT!
I MAY HAVE SPENT EVERY PENNY OF
MY HARD-EARNED TEACHER'S SALARY
ON THIS HIGH-TECH
FAIRY DETECTION VAN,
BUT IT SHALL ALL BE WORTH IT
ONCE I FINALLY CAPTURE...
A FAIRY GODPARENT!
MY SENSORS DETECT A HIGH
CONCENTRATION OF MAGIC
LOCATED IN THIS NEIGHBORHOOD,
IN THE HOME OF...TIMMY TURNER!
I KNEW IT!
NOW TO GET A CLOSER LOOK.
ACTIVATE STEALTH MODE!
AND NOW FOR SOME HIGH-TECH
STEALTH MUSIC!
[POP GOES THE WEASEL PLAYS]
HEH HEH HEH HEH!
Timmy: THIS IS GREAT!
THIS IS UNBELIEVABLE!
THIS IS...CONFUSING.
WHAT THE HECK IS
A FAIRY-VERSARY?
IT WAS EXACTLY ONE YEAR AGO THAT
WE BECAME YOUR FAIRY GODPARENTS!
IS THAT A BIG DEAL
OR SOMETHING?
BY THIS TIME,
MOST OF YOU
SQUIRTS END UP
GETTING YOUR
FAIRY GODPARENTS
TAKEN AWAY!
WHY?
Jorgen:
USUALLY BY NOW, A CHILD
HAS DONE SOMETHING
TO REVEAL THE EXISTENCE
OF THEIR FAIRIES.
HEY, ARE THOSE
FAIRY GODPARENTS?
THEY SURE ARE!
Jorgen: ...AND MADE
THEM GO AWAY FOREVER!
LOSER!
Fairy: BUT  YOU ARE THAT RARE KID
WHO MANAGED NOT TO BLOW IT
FOR 365 STRAIGHT DAYS!
All: CONGRATULATIONS, TIMMY!
COOL!
I MEAN, CRUD!
MY PARENTS ARE HOME,
AND MY ROOM IS FILLED
WITH LOUD MAGIC PEOPLE!
OH, RELAX, TIMMY.
WE'VE PREPARED
FOR EVERYTHING.
WHICH MEANS,
WANDA PREPARED FOR EVERYTHING!
I ZAPPED YOUR DOORKNOB,
SO ANYONE WHO TOUCHES IT
WILL INSTANTLY FORGET
WHAT THEY WERE DOING!
OH, TIMMY!
WHAT'S THAT LOUD,
ALMOST MAGICAL RACKET
I HEAR COMING
FROM YOUR ROOM...
...MATE! I HAD ONE IN COLLEGE.
I SHOULD CALL HIM!
I CALL IT THE
"FORGET-ME-KNOB."
COME ON, TIMMY,
OPEN YOUR PRESENTS!
AND NOW,
HERE TO HELP YOU
OPEN YOUR PRESENTS
IS OUR MUSICAL
ENTERTAINMENT,
MR. FAIRY COWLICK, JR.!
♪ ARE THERE TIMES IN THE DAY
WHEN YOU WISH THAT YOU COULD ♪
♪ WAVE A BIG MAGIC WAND
AND MAKE EVERYTHING GOOD? ♪
♪ TO COME OUT ON TOP
JUST LIKE ANY KID WOULD ♪
♪ DOES THIS SOUND
APPEALING TO YOU? ♪
DUH!
♪ THEN JUST LISTEN UP GOOD
'CAUSE IT ISN'T A LIE ♪
♪ WHEN YOU HEAR WHAT'S IN STORE,
THEN YOU'LL ASK YOURSELF WHY ♪
♪ WE'VE ALL GATHERED HERE-- ♪
HEY, DID
SOMEBODY DIE?
NO!
♪ BUT HERE'S WHAT YOU
SHOULD BE HIP TO... ♪
[UPBEAT MUSIC]
♪ PEOPLE WISH FOR MONEY ♪
♪ PEOPLE WISH FOR FAME ♪
♪ PEOPLE WISH FOR POWER ♪
♪ BUT IT ALWAYS ENDS THE SAME ♪
WITH PAIN!
♪ WE'VE GOT
THE BEST INTENTIONS ♪
YEAH!
♪ WHAT'S
ONE CAT TO DO? ♪
I DON'T KNOW!
♪ SO TELL ME
WHAT YOU'D WISH FOR ♪
♪ IF YOUR WISH CAME TRUE ♪
♪ WE'RE HAVING A PARTY ♪
♪ A REALLY BIG PARTY ♪
JUST FOR ME?
♪ YEAH, KID, JUST FOR YOU! ♪
♪ WE BROUGHT GIFTS ♪
♪ WE BROUGHT PALS ♪
♪ I BROUGHT GUYS ♪
♪ I BROUGHT GALS ♪
BUT JUST WHAT
THE HECK DID I DO?
YOU BROUGHT GUYS?
♪ YOU COULD HAVE LET
YOUR SECRET OUT ♪
♪ AND BLOWN IT THROUGH
AND THROUGH ♪
♪ BUT YOU'RE THE KID
THAT KEPT IT HID ♪
♪ SO IT'S YOU AND ONLY YOU ♪
♪ WHO WOULD BE TRUSTED
WITH THIS MAGIC ♪
♪ THAT'S TOO GOOD TO BE TRUE ♪
♪ YOU'LL GET WHAT YOU WISH FOR
WHEN YOUR WISH COMES TRUE ♪
♪ I MIGHT WANT TO BE
THE PRESIDENT ♪
COOL!
♪ OR DESTROY KALAMAZOO ♪
♪ JUST THINK, BELIEVE,
AND YOU'LL RECEIVE ♪
♪ YOUR WISH... ♪
♪ YOU REALLY GOTTA WANT IT ♪
♪ COME... ♪
♪ YOU GOTTA MAKE
THAT WISH COME TRUE ♪
♪ TRUE! ♪
SERIOUSLY,
HOW MANY GUYS?
AWESOME GIFTS, YOU GUYS!
EXPLODING EASTER EGGS,
MAGIC DISGUISE GLASSES,
MAGIC FLOSS FROM
THE TOOTH FAIRY,
CUPID'S BOW AND ARROW,
A MAGIC JET PACK,
AND A MAGIC MIRROR,
ALL WRAPPED UP
IN SANTA'S MAGIC BAG!
OH, HANG ON, TIMMY!
THERE'S ONE MORE GIFT!
AND IT'S THE BEST ONE!
WOW! A...
MUFFIN?
ACTUALLY,
PUNY EARTH BOY,
IT IS YOUR SPECIAL
FAIRY-VERSARY MUFFIN!
WHOEVER EATS THE MUFFIN
GETS ONE RULE-FREE WISH!
A RULE-FREE WISH?
I CAN WISH FOR
ANYTHING I WANT?
LOVE, MONEY, ANYTHING?
YOU JUST CAN'T WISH FOR
A BETTER-TASTING MUFFIN.
AND ONLY CHILDREN
WHO HAVE LASTED
AN ENTIRE YEAR
CAN BE TRUSTED WITH
THAT KIND OF GIFT,
SO DON'T GOOF IT UP!
COOL! THIS THING IS AMAZING!
BUT I GOTTA BE CAREFUL WITH IT.
I CAN ONLY IMAGINE WHAT
WOULD HAPPEN IF IT FELL
INTO THE WRONG HANDS.
Man: WHATEVER
THAT THING IS,
I CAN'T WANT TO GET
MY HANDS ON IT!
ACCORDING TO MY SENSORS,
THERE'S A MASSIVE
MUFFIN-SHAPED SOURCE
OF FAIRY ENERGY
IN TIMMY TURNER'S HOUSE!
AND WHERE THERE IS
FAIRY ENERGY,
THERE ARE BOUND TO BE...
FAIRY GODPARENTS!
ONCE I CAPTURE A FAIRY USING
THIS SPECIAL BUTTERFLY NET,
I, MR. CROCKER,
WILL GO FROM BEING
A SECOND-RATE, CONSTANTLY MOCKED
ELEMENTARY SCHOOL TEACHER
TO A FIRST-CLASS,
NOT CONSTANTLY MOCKED,
SUPREME MAGICAL RULER
OF THE UNIVERSE!
NEW WORLD ORDER!
NEW WORLD...ORDER?
CAN I HAVE
A COCONUT SWIRLY?
A CHOCOLATE WHIZ PIE?
AND I WANT
A STRAWBERRY CHUNKY!
GAH! GET AWAY FROM ME!
I DON'T KNOW
WHAT I DID
TO DESERVE
GODPARENTS
AS GREAT AS
YOU GUYS!
WELL, TIMMY,
ACCORDING TO THE RULES,
A CHILD ONLY GETS ASSIGNED
GODPARENTS IF THEY'RE
TRULY IN NEED OF HELP.
AND BOY, DID YOU
EVER NEED OUR HELP!
I DID?
WELL, IT ALL STARTED
TWO YEARS AGO,
WHEN YOU WERE 8 YEARS OLD.
OOH, HEY! I'VE SEEN
THIS ONE. IT'S A CLASSIC!
Man: THAT'S IT...
THAT'S IT!
EVERY PRECIOUS
MOMENT SAVED
FOREVER!
THEY GROW UP SO FAST!
HONEY, I KNOW WE VALUE OUR SON
MORE THAN OUR RELATIONSHIP--
YOU BET!
BUT COULD WE LEAVE THE HOUSE
SOME NIGHT LIKE ADULTS
AND LEAVE TIMMY
WITH A BABY-SITTER?
ABSOLUTELY...
NOT!
I'VE BEEN METICULOUSLY
DOCUMENTING EVERY
PRECIOUS MOMENT
OF TIMMY'S LIFE ON VIDEO
SINCE HE WAS BORN,
AND I DON'T INTEND TO
MISS ONE PRECIOUS SECOND!
I REFUSE TO SHARE
HIS CHILDHOOD WITH
A BABY-SITTER.
I BARELY WANT
TO SHARE IT WITH YOU!
BUT WE HAVEN'T LEFT
THE HOUSE IN 8 YEARS!
ALL RIGHT, PRECIOUS GIFT,
EAT YOUR SPINACH.
BUT, MOMMY, I ALREADY
ATE SO MUCH OF YOUR
DELICIOUS SQUASH,
BEANS, AND TURNIPS,
MY TUMMY IS FULL.
MAY I PLEASE SAVE
THE SPINACH FOR LATER?
I'M SORRY, SON,
BUT I DON'T HAVE
ANY FOOTAGE
OF YOU EATING
SPINACH!
BESIDES, THERE ARE MILLIONS
OF CHILDREN AROUND THE WORLD
WHO WOULD BE VERY GRATEFUL
FOR A DELICIOUS, HOME-COOKED
DINNER LIKE THIS.
[ROAR]
THAT'S A GREAT IDEA!
WE'LL TRAVEL TO
PARTS UNKNOWN,
DELIVER THIS FOOD
TO THOSE CHILDREN,
AND VIDEOTAPE THEM
EATING IT!
BYE, PRECIOUS GIFT!
MOM? DAD?
OH, NO! THEY'VE LEFT ME...
TO GO TO PARTS UNKNOWN...
FOREVER!
WAH HAH HAH HAH!
HA! TIMMY BELIEVED
OUR FIRST LITTLE
WHITE LIE!
AND I GOT IT ALL
ON TAPE!
WAH HAH HAH HAH!
I'M ALONE, BUT I'M
A PRECIOUS GIFT FROM ABOVE!
I CAN'T BE LEFT ALONE!
I'D BETTER CALL
THIS BABY-SITTER.
YES!
WHAT?
NO!
Woman: VICKY'S PRECIOUS
GIFT FROM ABOVE
BABY-SITTING SERVICE!
HI, I'M
TIMMY TURNER, AND--
WOULDN'T EAT
YOUR DINNER?
NO.
PARENTS GONE
TO PARTS UNKNOWN?
YES!
BE RIGHT THERE!
SON, I--
YOU'RE BACK
FROM PARTS UNKNOWN!
[DOORBELL]
HELLO, MR. AND MRS.--
TURNER!
I'M VICKY,
THE BABY-SITTER!
ANYBODY ELSE NOTICE
THE LIGHTNING?
MY, MY!
WHAT A PRECIOUS
LITTLE GIFT FROM
ABOVE YOU HAVE HERE!
YES, YOU ARE!
I CAN'T WAIT
TO SPEND TIME
PROTECTING AND ENRICHING
YOUR YOUNG CHILD...
SO YOU CAN HAVE THE FREEDOM
TO GO OUT INTO THE WORLD
AND BE THE ADULTS YOU'VE
ALWAYS WANTED TO BE!
FOR THE LAST 8 YEARS!
BUT, HONEY, I DON'T
WANT TO SHARE
MY SON'S CHILDHOOD
WITH ANYONE!
I'LL VIDEOTAPE
WHATEVER YOU MISS
AND EDIT IT ALL TOGETHER
SO IT'S ON ONE
CONVENIENT TAPE.
WELL, WHEN YOU PUT IT LIKE THAT,
WE'RE OUT OF HERE!
I'LL GET OUR COATS.
FORGET IT. AT THE SPEED
WE'LL BE HAVING FUN,
THE FRICTION
WILL KEEP US WARM!
MMM! SONIC BOOM. NOT BAD.
HI, VICKY. I'M--
GO TO BED!
AH HA HA HA HA!
AHH! MY ENRICHMENT!
AHH! MY CHILDHOOD!
Cosmo: AND THAT'S WHEN YOUR LIFE
WENT STRAIGHT DOWN THE POOPER!
Wanda: FOR THE NEXT YEAR,
VICKY TORTURED YOU
EVERY DAY OF YOUR LIFE,
AND YOU WERE SO MISERABLE!
MAN, THAT'S DUMB!
Both: HEY, TIMMY!
I'M COSMO!
AND I'M WANDA!
Both: AND WE'RE...
YOUR FAIRY GODPARENTS!
AND THAT'S HOW WE GOT ASSIGNED
TO BE YOUR FAIRY GODPARENTS!
THEY TRICKED ME
WITH A LIE?
YEAH, AND THEY GOT IT ON TAPE!
FOREVER!
OOH, CARTOONS!
THAT'S WHY I'M STUCK
WITH THE WORST,
MOST EVIL
BABY-SITTER
ON THE PLANET--
A LIE?!
WELL, IT WAS
JUST A LITTLE
WHITE LIE, TIMMY.
PARENTS DO IT
ALL THE TIME.
WELL, THAT STINKS.
Mom: TIMMY!
TIME FOR SCHOOL!
HOW DO I KNOW
THAT'S THE TRUTH?
MAN, I WISH THEY
DIDN'T LIE TO ME.
OH, UH, DID WE JUST MAKE IT
SO TIMMY'S PARENTS
COULDN'T LIE TO HIM?
YUP!
YOU'VE GAINED WEIGHT.
YOU KNOW, WE CAN STILL
LIE TO EACH OTHER.
YEAH, I KNOW!
IS SOMETHING
WRONG, TIMMY?
HAVE YOU GUYS
EVER LIED TO ME?
OF COURSE WE HAVE!
COULD YOU EXCUSE US
FOR A MOMENT?
HONEY, I THOUGHT
WE AGREED
THAT IF TIMMY
EVER ASKED US
IF WE LIED TO HIM,
WE'D LIE TO HIM
AND SAY WE NEVER
LIED TO HIM!
I'M SORRY,
BUT IT'S LIKE THE TRUTH
JUST EXPLODED OUT OF ME!
OK, LET ME HANDLE THIS.
I'M AN UNBREAKABLE
ROCK OF FALSEHOOD!
OK, TIMMY,
ASK ME ANYTHING.
OK. WHEN DO YOU LIE TO ME?
ALL THE TIME!
IN FACT, YOU'D BE
HARD-PRESSED TO FIND
A TIME WE WEREN'T
LYING TO YOU!
DON'T MOVE!
DOESN'T IT BOTHER YOU THAT
YOU LIE TO YOUR ONLY SON?
HECK, NO! IT MAKES
EVERYTHING EASIER!
UHH...TALK TO
YOUR GOLDFISH.
GUYS, WHEN I SAID I WISH
THEY DIDN'T LIE TO ME,
DID YOU MAKE IT SO MY PARENTS
COULDN'T LIE TO ME?
WE HAD TO, TIMMY. WE'RE
YOUR FAIRY GODPARENTS!
WHEN YOU SAY,
"I WISH," WE GRANT!
TIMMY, WE KNOW
YOU'RE UPSET,
BUT YOU HAVE TO
UNDERSTAND THAT
SOMETIMES PARENTS HAVE
VERY GOOD REASONS
FOR TELLING
LITTLE WHITE LIES.
[HONK HONK]
BUT THERE'S THE BUS,
AND WE'VE NEVER BEEN
MORE RELIEVED
IN OUR LIVES,
AND THAT'S THE TRUTH!
HERE'S YOUR FISH,
HERE'S YOUR LUNCH,
HERE'S YOUR
SPARKLING MUFFIN!
BYE!
WE'D BETTER CHECK
THE VIDEOTAPES AND SEE
WHAT ELSE WE'VE
LIED TO HIM ABOUT!
I'LL MAKE SOME SNACKS.
THE MAGIC--IT'S MOVING!
I MUST FOLLOW IT!
All: WE WANT ICE CREAM!
HAVE TO GET THESE KIDS
OUT OF MY WAY!
All: AAH! SPINACH!
EXCELLENT!
Men: AHOY!
SPINACH!
AAH!
AW, TIMMY! DON'T
TAKE IT SO HARD!
MAYBE A NICE, LONG,
HARD DAY OF SCHOOL
WILL MAKE IT
ALL BETTER.
OH, BOY. SCHOOL!
CAN'T WAIT TO SIT DOWN
IN FRONT OF AN ADULT
AND GET LIED TO ALL DAY.
AW, COME ON, TIMMY!
NOT ALL ADULTS
ARE LIARS!
MOM, DAD, CROCKER...
WELL, JUST THE ONES
YOU KNOW.
MAYBE YOU'RE SOME KIND
OF LIAR MAGNET.
Crocker: OOH!
MY INSTRUMENTS INDICATE
THAT THE CONCENTRATION
OF MAGICAL ENERGY
IS DEAD AHEAD!
AHA!
HEY!
BIPPY, STOP ROLLING
AROUND IN THE MUD.
EEH EEH EEH!
OUCH!
CROCKER!
HI, A.J.! HI, BIPPY!
AW! DROPPED A MUFFIN.
OH, NO!
OH! THAT'S THE WORST
MUFFIN I'VE EVER TASTED.
I SURE WISH I HAD
SOME MOUTHWASH.
THAT'S CONVENIENT.
AND LEAVES ME KISSING-FRESH.
[KISSING SOUNDS]
[GARGLING]
DID HE JUST MAGICALLY
OBTAIN SOME MOUTHWASH?
WELL, REMEMBER, IF
YOU EAT THE MUFFIN,
YOU GET A RULE-FREE
WISH!
YOU MEAN THE MUFFIN
GRANTS ADULTS WISHES, TOO?
THE MUFFIN ISN'T
PICKY, TIMMY,
NOR IS IT TASTY,
BUT IT IS POWERFUL.
ALL HAIL THE MUFFIN!
I GOTTA GET
THAT MUFFIN BACK!
[SCHOOL BELL RINGS]
AAH!
[GRUNTING]
HOW BIG IS THIS
MUFFIN-SHAPED SOURCE
OF MAGIC ANYWAY?
CROCKER! WHAT'S THE MEANING
OF THIS FORK IN MY FANNY?
UM...IT'S CUPID'S
FORK...OF LOVE!
I LOVE YOU!
OH! WELL,
THIS IS SO SUDDEN,
AND...UNWANTED.
[BELL RINGS]
OOPS, GOTTA TEACH!
I'LL CALL YOU!
AAH!
Mom: MAYBE TIMMY'S RIGHT.
MAYBE WE DO FUDGE
THE TRUTH TOO MUCH.
NOW, HONEY, I'M SURE
HE'S OVERREACTING.
LET'S JUST POP IN
A HOME VIDEO
AND SEE HOW LONG
IT TAKES FOR US TO
CATCH OURSELVES
IN A LITTLE
WHITE LIE.
YOU'RE RIGHT. I BET
THERE'S NOT A SINGLE LIE
RECORDED ON ANY OF THESE TAPES!
Both: THE STORK!
WOW! THAT WAS QUICK!
STUDENTS, THIS IS
A MATH PROBLEM!
BUT IN A WORLD WHERE
MAGIC AND FAIRIES EXIST,
WHO CARES?
MATH MEANS NOTHING!
A FAIRY CAN MAKE
2 + 2 = FISH!
YOU KNOW,
HE'S RIGHT!
STARE AT THE BOARD UNTIL
THE LUNCH BELL RINGS.
THIS IS DRIVING ME NUTS!
I SHOULDN'T BE SITTING HERE.
I NEED TO FIND THAT MUFFIN!
WELL, TIMMY,
IF YOU WANT YOUR
MUFFIN BACK,
WHY DON'T YOU JUST
WISH FOR IT BACK?
HEY, THAT'S A GREAT IDEA, COSMO!
I WISH I HAD THE MUFFIN BACK!
WE CAN'T DO THAT!
YOU KNOW AS WELL
AS I DO,
THAT MUFFIN'S MAGIC IS
MORE POWERFUL THAN OURS!
WELL, DUH! I WAS
JUST WONDERING WHY
HE HADN'T ASKED.
MMM!
[BELL RINGS]
UGH!
WHAT THE HECK?
GOING SOMEWHERE, TURNER?
AH, LET ME ANSWER
THAT FOR YOU:
NO!
WHY DID YOU CHAIN ME TO MY DESK?
SO YOU WON'T GET IN
MY WAY, OF COURSE!
I NEED TO
KEEP YOU HERE
SO I CAN FIND YOUR
MUFFIN-SHAPED SOURCE
OF MAGICAL ENERGY
BEFORE YOU DO--
AND PROVE
ONCE AND FOR ALL
THE EXISTENCE OF...
FAIRY GODPARENTS!
I WISH I WAS FREE!
I GOTTA GET TO THE CAFETERIA
AND FIND THAT MAGIC MUFFIN
BEFORE CROCKER DOES!
BUT THAT SHOULDN'T BE
ANY PROBLEM.
HOW HARD CAN IT BE TO FIND
ONE STINKING MUFFIN?
ALL RIGHT! IT'S MUFFIN MONDAY!
All: YAY!
I THOUGHT IT WAS
MONKEY MONDAY.
Chester:
AWW, GREAT!
WHAT AM I SUPPOSED
TO DO WITH THIS?
OH, NO!
CROCKER'S GONNA GET
THE MUFFIN FIRST!
[BEEPING]
MUFFIN! MUFFIN! MUFFIN!
MUFFIN, MUFFIN,
HOW'S ABOUT A MUFFIN?
MUFFIN! MUFFIN! MUFFIN!
MY GOODNESS!
THIS MUFFIN!
IT SPARKLES LIKE THE MORNING DEW
ON THE BACK OF THE HOODED COBRA!
AHA! FAIRY PASTRY!
OH, NO!
CROCKER'S GONNA GET
THE MUFFIN FIRST!
UNLESS...
FOOD FIGHT!
WORKS FOR ME!
WHOO-HOO!
[CRASH]
[ALL CHEERING]
IT IS A FIGHT OF FOOD!
NO!
YES!
COME ON, BIPPY.
JOIN THE PARTY!
NO, NO, NO!
I NEED TO CATCH
THAT MUFFIN!
GUYS, GIVE ME
A HAND!
BLUEBERRY.
CRANBERRY.
BANANA NUT.
OAT.
WHEAT.
POPPY SEED!
OOH! YUCK!
OOH! OOH!
All: OH, NO!
HE'S MAKING A WISH!
CAPTIONED BY THE NATIONAL
CAPTIONING INSTITUTE
--www.ncicap.org--